[music playing]
♪ ♪
>> [all screaming]
>> HUGE BUILDINGS ARE FALLING
FROM THE SKY!
>> Ron: WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS HAPPENING?
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO FIGHT
AGAINST DESTINY.
>> Dayakka: DAMN IT, GABAL,
FALL BACK!
>> AYE, AYE!
>> [all screaming]
>> Nia: AAH!
>> WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
>> WHAT’S HAPPENING?!
>> BROTHER!
>> Kittan: HEY!
QUIT YOUR SQUEALING
AND RUN YOUR ASSES OFF!
>> Rossiu: SIMON! WE SHOULD
TRY TO EVACUATE TO A SAFE
LOCATION!
>> Simon: UNH! YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> Ron: NO WAY!
I DON’T BELIEVE IT.
>> narrator: AT THAT VERY
MOMENT, FATE TOOK SHAPE
AND APPEARED BEFORE
THE AWESTRUCK MEN.
>> Simon: A GUNMEN!
>> Dayakka: LOOK AT THE SIZE OF
THAT THING!
>> Ron: THERE MUST BE A RULE
AGAINST THAT.
>> Kinon: THERE’S SOMETHING WERE
TEPPELIN USED TO BE.
THE PATTERN IS...
IT CAN’T BE!
>> Ron: WHAT’S WRONG?
>> Kinon: THIS SIGNATURE IS...
GURREN LAGANN’S!
>> Ron: WHAT?! ARE YOU SURE?
>> Kinon: I’M PICKING UP ANOTHER
READING THAT CONFIRMS IT’S
GURREN LAGANN!
[Simon grunts]
>> Simon: WHAT’S THAT?
WAIT. THAT’S...
>> Nia: FATHER!
>> Yoko: NIA?
>> Dayakka: THAT MEANS...
>> Ron: THAT’S THE SPIRAL
KING, LORDGENOME.
>> Simon: THAT’S HIM!
I NEED TO DEFEAT HIM!
[yells]
HUH?
>> Dayakka: THAT’S THE MAIN
CORE?
>> Lordgenome: IS THAT ALL
YOU HAVE?
PATHETIC.
>> Simon: AAH!
>> Rossiu: UNH...
>> Yoko: SIMON!
>> Ron: NICE CATCH!
>> Simon: OH, MAN, THAT HURT!
>> Ron: SIMON, ARE YOU OKAY?
>> Simon: YEAH, I THINK...
>> Rossiu: I CAN’T BELIEVE THAT
DRILL TIP COULDN’T PENETRATE
THAT HULL.
>> Nia: SIMON, PLEASE DO THIS.
I KNOW IT MIGHT BE DANGEROUS,
BUT I WANT YOU TO TAKE ME
TO MY FATHER!
>> Simon: NIA?
>> Nia: SIMON, I WANT TO SPEAK
TO MY FATHER.
>> Rossiu: THAT’S CRAZY!
LORDGENOME ISN’T GOING TO LET US
GET ANYWHERE NEAR HIM, LET ALONE
CLOSE ENOUGH TO TAKE YOU IN!
WE SHOULD FOCUS ON A LONG‐RANGE
ATTACK PLAN, AND NOT ON HOW
WE’RE GONNA GET HER IN CLOSE TO
HAVE A CONVERSATION.
>> Ron: ROSSIU, DID YOU FORGET?
THIS GIRL’S COME ALL THIS WAY TO
GIVE HER FATHER A PIECE OF HER
MIND.
>> Rossiu: BUT THAT’S‐‐
>> Ron: WHEN A GIRL SETS HER
MIND TO SOMETHING, A GOOD MAN IS
OBLIGED TO HELP HER DO IT.
>> Nia: PLEASE, SIMON.
>> Simon: NIA, LET’S GO.
>> Rossiu: YOU’RE NOT SERIOUS,
ARE YOU?
>> Simon: YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT!
>> Kittan: HEY! I’M COMING, TOO!
IT I DON’T GO AND KICK THAT
GUY’S ASS, I WON’T BE ABLE TO
LIVE WITH MYSELF!
>> YEAH! I’M WITH EVERYTHING
HE SAID!
>> WE GOTTA KICK THIS GUY’S ASS!
[all shouting]
>> Dayakka: SORRY GUYS, BUT THAT
DOESN’T SEEM VERY LIKELY.
>> Kittan: WHAT?!
>> Dayakka: ROSSIU WAS RIGHT.
THEY AREN’T GOING TO JUST LET US
WALK UP TO HIM AND PICK A FIGHT.
>> Kittan: HOW MANY OF THOSE
DAMN THINGS THEY GOT?
>> HEY, I LIKE THE LOOKS
OF THIS.
DON’T YOU, SIS?
>> YEAH! WITH SO MANY OF THEM
TO FIGHT, WE CAN FINALLY SHOW
EVERYONE THE REAL POWER OF
THE BLACK SIBLINGS!
>> Kittan: AW, YOU GUYS.
>> AIN’T THAT RIGHT, BROTHER?
>> Kittan: YEAH, IT SURE IS.
BUT SHE’S TOTALLY WRONG
ABOUT ONE THING.
IT AIN’T JUST THE POWER OF THE
BLACK SIBLINGS THAT WE’RE GONNA
SHOW ’EM.
IT’S THE POWER OF TEAM
DAI‐GURREN!
>> all: YEAH!
>> Kittan: GET GOING, SIMON!
WE’LL OPEN A PATH FOR
DAI‐GURREN, AND YOU TAKE IT
FROM THERE!
>> Simon: KITTAN.
>> WHEN YOU FIGHT THE CREEP,
GIVE ’IM A FEW WHACKS FOR US,
TOO!
[Boota grunts]
>> YOU GOT IT!
>> Nia: OH!
AAH!
THANKS A LOT, SIMON.
>> Simon: YOU READY?
>> Nia: YES!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Dayakka: DAI‐GURREN, LAUNCH!
>> LAUNCHING!
>> Simon: THERE!
>> Kittan: COMING THROUGH!
GET OUTTA THE WAY!
>> YOU WON’T BEAT US!
>> THERE’S A THIN PATCH
ON THE RIGHT!
>> Dayakka: GOOD!
LET’S NOT MISS IT!
>> Simon: WE CAN DO IT IF
GURREN LAGANN POOLS ITS
STRENGTH WITH DAI‐GURREN!
>> Lordgenome: REALLY, THE END
RESULT WILL BE THE SAME.
>> NOW LET’S DO IT!
>> OPEN FIRE!
>> FIRE THE KNIFE ANCHOR!
>> Lordgenome: IMPRESSIVE.
>> WE DID IT!
>> Dayakka: YOU ASKED FOR HELP,
AND WE DELIVERED!
>> IT’S THE ENGINE ROOM!
THERE WAS AN EXPLOSION, AND
THERE’S FIRES IN MAIN SHAFT AND
GENERATOR ROOM!
>> RON! THAT LAST BURST
WAS ALL WE HAD LEFT.
>> Ron: IT’S OKAY.
THAT’S ALL WE NEEDED.
LET’S PUT THE OLD GIRL TO BED
NOW.
>> Simon: WHAT’S WRONG?
WHAT WAS THAT EXPLOSION?
>> Dayakka: DON’T WORRY ABOUT
US, SIMON.
YOU GO TO LORDGENOME
AND DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO.
>> Simon: I WILL, BUT‐‐
>> Yoko: HURRY UP AND GET GOING!
>> Simon: YOKO.
>> Yoko: GO ON, SIMON.
THIS IS WHAT WE’VE ALL
BEEN WORKING SO HARD FOR.
>> Simon: YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> Ron: OKAY, DAI‐GURREN.
IT’S TIME FOR YOUR LAST JOB.
>> Dayakka: SET TIMERS ON
EXPLOSIVE MAGAZINES!
>> TIMER SET!
>> BLOW ’ER UP!
>> Dayakka: EMERGENCY...EJECT!
>> Yoko: IT’S ALL UP TO YOU
NOW, SIMON.
>> Lordgenome: I SEE THAT
YOU’VE SOMEHOW MANAGED TO
ARRIVE, MAN OF THE SPIRAL.
>> Simon: LORDGENOME!
>> NICELY DODGED!
AS EXPECTED, SIMON!
>> Simon: VIRAL!
>> [laughter]
AS YOU CAN SEE, I’M A WHOLE NEW
BEING TODAY.
>> Simon: WHAT’S THAT?
>> I HAVE A NEW BODY
THAT NEEDS NO REST AND CAN
GO ON FIGHTING INDEFINITELY.
I’VE BECOME MORE THAN
A BEASTMAN!
THIS PLACE WILL BE YOUR GRAVE!
WHAT?!
I‐IT’S NOT POSSIBLE!
HOW CAN THIS BE?
DAMN IT!
WHY CAN’T I DEFEAT HIM?!
>> Lordgenome: OH, VIRAL, YOU
POOR LITTLE CREATURE.
>> MAJESTY?
>> Lordgenome: THE POWER I GAVE
YOU ISN’T MEANT TO BE USED TO
OVERCOME THE HUMANS.
>> M‐MAJESTY...
>> Lordgenome: TO BEGIN WITH, NO
BEASTMAN WILL EVER BE A MATCH
AGAINST A HUMAN WHO HAS ACQUIRED
THE POWER OF THE SPIRAL.
VIRAL...
IT’S TRUE I GAVE YOU A NEW
BODY THAT FUNCTIONS WITHOUT
NEEDING REST AND CAN NEVER DIE.
BUT IT WAS NOT SO YOU COULD
FIGHT HUMANS.
IT WAS SO YOU COULD BE
A STORYTELLER WHO WILL RECOUNT
FOR ALL TIME...
THE VICTORY OF THE SPIRAL KING.
>> STORYTELLER?
>> Lordgenome: STAY WHERE YOU
ARE AND OBSERVE.
OBSERVE THE FATE OF
A FOOLISH HUMAN.
AND THEN, UNTIL THE VERY END
OF TIME ITSELF, TELL OF THE
FUTILITY OF RAISING A REBELLION
AGAINST THE SPIRAL KING.
NIA.
>> Nia: IT HAS BEEN A LONG TIME,
MY FATHER.
>> Lordgenome: YOU’RE LOOKING
QUITE WELL.
YOU DO KNOW I NEVER EXPECTED
TO EVER SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN.
>> Nia: WHY ARE YOU DOING ALL
THIS, FATHER?
YOU DRIVE HUMANS UNDERGROUND
AND KILL THEM IF THEY COME TO
THE SURFACE.
IT’S HORRIBLE!
HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A
CRUEL AND TERRIBLE THING
LIKE THAT?
>> Lordgenome: [laughing]
IGNORANCE IS SUCH
A FRIGHTENING THING.
YOU MIGHT BELIEVE YOURSELVES TO
BE FIGHTING ON THE SIDE
OF RIGHTEOUSNESS.
BUT I AM THE ONE WHO IS
TRULY PROTECTING THIS WORLD.
IT IS I, LORDGENOME,
WHO IS THE ULTIMATE GUARDIAN
OF HUMANITY.
>> Simon: WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
>> Nia: THERE’S NO SUCH THING
AS A GUARDIAN WHO...
KILLS HIS CHARGES.
ARE YOU SO BLIND YOU
CAN’T SEE THERE’S SOMETHING
WRONG WITH THIS WORLD?
>> Lordgenome: THIS WORLD THAT I
HAVE CREATED IS THE ONLY PATH TO
ENSURE HUMANITY’S SURVIVAL.
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS HAVE
STRAYED FROM THAT PATH, AND I
CANNOT ALLOW THAT TO CONTINUE.
FOR HUMANITY’S SAKE,
YOU MUST DIE.
>> Nia: AAH!
>> Lordgenome: THE SPIRAL POWER
IS STRONG WITHIN YOU.
YET YOU ARE UNAWARE THAT SUCH
POWER LEADS TO DESTRUCTION.
ALLOW ME TO TEACH YOU...
[all gasping]
AND SHOW YOU ITS FUTILITY.
YOU ARE NOT THE ONLY ONE
TO POSSESS THE POWER
OF THE SPIRAL.
I WILL SHOW YOU THE AWESOME AND
TERRIBLE TRUTH OF REAL
SPIRAL POWER.
BEHOLD MY LAZENGANN.
>> Nia: FATHER?
>> Simon: WAIT. THAT’S A...
>> Rossiu: A GURREN‐LAGANN TYPE!
THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE REASON
BEHIND THE IDENTICAL
GURREN LAGANN READINGS.
>> Simon: NIA, YOU KNOW I HAVE
TO FIGHT HIM.
>> Nia: RIGHT.
[both scream]
>> Lordgenome: THERE WAS ONCE A
MAN WHO FOUGHT AS YOU DO.
ALSO UNAWARE HIS ACTIONS WOULD
ENSURE HUMANITY’S EXTINCTION.
>> Simon: WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
>> Lordgenome: NOTHING YOU NEED
TO KNOW.
YOU’LL BE DEAD SOON, AFTER ALL.
>> Simon: GIGA...
DRILL...
BREAK!
>> Rossiu: NO WAY!
IT’S HOPELESS.
WE CAN’T BEAT HIM.
>> Simon: DON’T GIVE UP!
KICKING LOGIC OUT AND DOING THE
IMPOSSIBLE IS THE WAY TEAM
GURREN ROLLS.
ROSSIU, HAVE FAITH IN ME.
BELIEVE IN THE SIMON WHO
BELIEVES IN YOU.
WE STILL HAVE SOME FIGHT LEFT
IN US!
>> Lordgenome: YOU HAVE STRENGTH
ENOUGH TO GET BACK ON YOUR FEET,
I SEE.
WELL, IT WAS A WASTED EFFORT.
>> Simon: WE’LL SEE!
ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: I’M ALL RIGHT.
I’M NOT HELPLESS.
NOW’S YOUR CHANCE, SIMON!
USE LAGANN!
>> Simon: RIGHT! GOT IT.
>> Lordgenome: GO AWAY.
>> Simon: LAGANN IMPACT!
>> Lordgenome: SO YOU HOPE TO
ABSORB MY LAZENGANN, DO YOU?
>> Simon: HE EXPLODED!
>> Lordgenome: WELL, WELL.
I SEE THAT IT WAS NOT A FLUKE
THAT YOU MADE IT THIS FAR.
HOWEVER, YOUR MISCHIEF
ENDS HERE.
NOW THAT YOU HAVE LOST YOUR
BODY, YOU DON’T HAVE THE
SLIGHTEST HOPE OF WINNING.
>> Simon: QUIT YOUR STUPID
YAMMERING!
I’M NOT GONNA LOSE.
NIA. YOKO. ROSSIU.
RON. KITTAN. DAYAKKA.
EVERY MEMBER OF TEAM DAI‐GURREN
BELIEVES IN ME.
THE ME THAT MY BRO BELIEVED IN,
THE ME THAT I BELIEVE IN...
ISN’T EVER GONNA LOSE TO THE
LIKES OF YOU!
>> Lordgenome: WELL, WE SHALL
SEE.
BEHOLD!
I WILL CRUSH YOU INTO DUST!
[both shouting]
>> Lordgenome: I SHOULDN’T HAVE
TRUSTED A GUNMEN TO GET THE JOB
DONE!
[laughing]
>> Nia: AAH!
>> Lordgenome: UNH! HAA!
AAH...
[Boota grunting]
>> Nia: OH, NO! SIMON!
>> Lordgenome: [laughing]
>> Simon: I CAN’T PRODUCE ANY
MORE DRILLS!
>> Lordgenome: WHAT’S WRONG?
HAS ALL YOUR SPIRAL POWER
RUN DRY?
>> Nia: SIMON!
IF EVERYONE’S FAITH IN YOU IS
THE THING THAT GIVES YOU ALL OF
YOUR STRENGTH, THEN...
I’LL BELIEVE IN YOU WITH
EVERY FIBER OF MY BEING!
SO, PLEASE!
PLEASE WIN!
>> Lordgenome: [grunts]
[laughing]
I HAVEN’T HAD THIS MUCH FUN
IN A LONG TIME, BOY.
NOW, BACK INTO THE DIRT
WITH YOU!
A CORE DRILL?!
>> Simon: MY NAME IS SIMON,
LEADER OF TEAM DAI‐GURREN,
SIMON THE DIGGER.
IF YOU DECIDE THAT YOU’RE GOING
TO BE A WALL THAT’S STANDING
IN MY WAY...
THEN I HAVE SOMETHING THAT WILL
OPEN A HOLE IN YOU EVERY TIME!
AND THAT SOMETHING IS MY DRILL!
>> Lordgenome: I SEE.
YOUR SPIRAL POWER HAS GROWN
SUFFICIENT TO OUTSTRIP MY OWN.
[laughing]
HEAR THIS NOW.
YOU WILL SOON COME TO REGRET IT.
>> Simon: LORDGENOME...
>> Lordgenome: I WILL LEAVE YOU
WITH THIS WARNING.
WHEN THE LAND OVERFLOWS WITH
A MILLION APES...
THE MOON SHALL BECOME HELL’S
MESSENGER AND COMPLETELY DESTROY
THE WORLD OF THE SPIRAL.
>> Simon: WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> Nia: FATHER, NO!
FAREWELL, MY FATHER.
I WILL HEAD TOWARDS TOMORROW.
[both gasp]
[ground creaking]
>> Rossiu: HEY! SIMON!
>> Kittan: WHAT HAPPENED?
>> THEY’VE ALL STOPPED.
THE ENEMY GUNMEN HAVE
STOPPED MOVING!
>> Dayakka: YOU MEAN IT’S OVER?
>> Kittan: WHOO‐HOO!
YOU DID IT, SIMON!
>> Yoko: SIMON...
>> GURREN LAGANN!
THEY’RE FINE!
THEY’RE ALL COMING HOME!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> NEXT TIME ON A SPECIAL
GURREN LAGANN!
WE’LL SPIN MEMORIES OF
GLORIOUS PAST BATTLES INTO A
STORY TO REMEMBER.
WATCH AND LEARN!
THIS IS HOW A COMPILATION
EPISODE SHOULD BE DONE!